End Questions:
1. How would you define Machine Learning? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Using data to create an algorithm that allows a machine/program to generalize its processes based on previously learned experiences from data. 
Book Answer: Machine Learning is about building sytems that can learn from data. Learning means getting better at some task, given some performance measure.

2. Can you name four types of problems where it shines? (MOSTLY CORRECT)
Personal Answer: 
  - Problems that require constant maintenance or a large list of rules, which can be simplified by a machine learning program
  - Complex problems that have a variety of solutions
  - Generating insights on large sets of data
  - Can't remember
Book Answer: Machine Learning is great for
  - Complex problems for which we have no algorithmic solution,
  - To replace long lists of hand-tuned rules
  - To build systems that adapt to fluctuating evironments
  - To help humans learn (eg data mining)

3. What is a labeled training set? (WRONG)
Personal Answer: A set of data used partly to train the machine learning program, to test the program and to validate the results of that test. 
Book Answer: A training set that contains the desired solution (a label) for each instance. NOTE: supervised learning uses labeled training sets, unsupervised does not.

4. What are the two most common supervised tasks? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: 
  - Classification
  - Regression
Book Answer: The two most common supervised tasks are regression and classification 

5. Can you name four common unsupervised tasks? (FROM NOTES)
Personal Answer: 
  - Clustering (CORRECT)
  - Visualization (CORRECT)
  - Dimensionality Reduction (CORRECT)
  - Anomaly Detection (NOT LISTED)
Book Answer: Common unsupervised tasks include clustering, visualization, dimensionality reduction, and association rule learning. 

6. What type of Machine Learning algorithm would you use to allow a robot to walk in various unknown terrains? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Reinforcement learning
Book Answer: Reinforcement learning is likely to perform best. 

7. What type of algorithm would you use to segment your customers into multiple groups? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Clustering - hierarchical clustering
Book Answer: Clustering algorithm 

8. Would you frame the problem of spam detection as a supervised learning problem or an unsupervised learning problem? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Supervised learning problem
Book Answer: Supervised 

9. What is an online learning system? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: A system that connects to an online database to constantly relearn material depending on experiences. Its fast and doesn't require update but takes a lot of data.
Book Answer: An online learning system can learn incrementally, as opposed to a batch learning system. 
  This makes it capable of adapting rapidly to both changing data and autonomous systems, and of training on very large quantities of data. 

10. What is out-of-core learning? (PARTIALLY CORRECT)
Personal Answer: A system that learns from a large dataset being imported into the process that can be used offline. Uses less machine power and is less demanding but can run into problems and requires updates. 
Book Answer: Algorithms that handle vast quantities of data that cannot fit in a computer's main memory. Chops the data into mini-batches and uses them to make predictions.

11. What type of learning algorithm relies on a similarity measure to make predictions? (FROM NOTES) (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Instance based learning. System learns examples then generallizes to new cases with similarity measure. 
Book Answer: Instance based learning, which learns training data by heartl when given a new instance, uses similarity measure to find most similar learned instances and uses them to make predictions. 

12. What is the difference between a model parameter and a learning algorithms hyperparameter? (FROM NOTES)
Personal Answer:  A hyperparameter is not affected by the learning algorith, it is set prior to training and remains constant. 
Book Answer: A model has one or more model parameters that determine what it will predict given a new instance (eg slope of linear model). 
  A learning algorithm tries to find optimal values for these parameters such that the model generalizes well to new instances. 
  A hyperparameter is a parameter of the learning algorithm itself, not the model (eg amount of regularization applied). 

13. What do model-based learning algorithms search for? What is the most common strategy they use to succeed? How do they make predictions? (FROM NOTES) (WRONG)
Personal Answer: They search for predictions.
Book Answer: They search for an optimal value for the model parameters such that the model will generalize well to new instances.
  Such systems are trained by minimizing a cost function that measures how bad how bad the system is at making predictions on the training data, plus a penalty for model complexity if the model is regularized. 
  To make predictions, we feed the new instance's features into the model's prediction function, using the parameter values found by the learning algorithm. 

14. Can you name four of the main challenges in Machine Learning? (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Overfitting, underfitting, sampling noise, and sampling bias. 
Book Answer: Lack of data, poor data quality, nonrepresentative data, uninformative features, exessively simplemodels that underfit, excessively complex models that overfit the data. 

15. If your model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, what is happening? Can you name three possible solutions? (PARTIALLY CORRECT)
Personal Answer: The model is overfitting to the training data and does not have room to generalize to new data that might differ from training data. Solutions:
  - Manipulate the models variables 
  - Increase training data variability
  - Use a test set 
Book Answer: If a model performs great on the training data but generalizes poorly to new instances, the model is likely overfitting the training data.
  Possible solutions to overfitting are getting more data, simplifying the model, or reducing the noise in the training data. 

16. What is a test set and why would you want to use it? (PARTIALLY CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Typically 20% of the data with the other 80 being used for training. It is used to verify that the model is not being over or underfit to the training data.
Book Answer: A test set is used to estimate the generalization error that a model will make on new instances, before the model is launched in production. 
 
17. What is the purpose of a validation set? (PARTIALLY CORRECT)
Personal Answer: To verify that the training and test sets functioned as they were supposed to and see whether the program is ready for outside use. 
Book Answer: Used to compare models. It maakes it possible to select the best model and tune the hyperparameters. 

18. What can go wrong if you tune hyperparameters using the test set? (FROM NOTES) (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: The model can perform well only on the test set and fail when performing on new data (overfitting). 
Book Answer: If you tune the hyperparameters using the test set, you risk overfitting thetest set, and the generalization error you measure will be optimistic.

19. What is cross-validation and why would you prefer it to a validation set? (FROM NOTES) (CORRECT)
Personal Answer: Splitting the training data into different subsets, some which will train the model and others that will validate it. This is preferable to a validation set because it uses less of the training data for validation. 
Book Answer: Cross-validation is a technique that makes it possible to compare models without the need for a seperate validation set. This saves precious training data. 
